Quick Cache----- Best for Wordpress Multi-site installations

Internal Debugging off.
Don't cache pages for logged in users.
Don't cache query string GET requests.
Disallow double-caching on the browser.
Set the expiration time on Quick Cache files: 86400 (24 hours).
Dynamic cache pruning single (prune only the specific post/page).
The No-cache settings were not touched .
Mutex file locking set to Flock (rather than Semaphore, since this is not a dedicated server, it misbehaves a bit as Semaphore). This MAY need to be Flock for multi-site and Sempahore for single site. Testing this out, just in case.
MD5 salt left alone.
Auto-cache engine enabled.


SuperCache----- Best for everyone else, not so good for multi-site installations. Helps "fix" that pesky terrible Time to First Byte. CDN Sync Tool can be used JUST to minify the JS and CSS to help a bit.

Go to settings for SuperCache, click on the Advanced Tab, then mark the following items:
Cache hits to this website for quick access. (Recommended)
Use mod_rewrite to serve cache files. (Recommended)
Compress pages so they're served more quickly to visitors. (Recommended)
Don't cache pages for known users. (Recommended)
Cache rebuild. Serve a supercache file to anonymous users while a new file is being generated. (Recommended)
Mobile device support. (External plugin or theme required. See the FAQ for further details.)
Extra homepage checks. (Very occasionally stops homepage caching) (Recommended)
Click Update Status

After the screen refreshes scroll down to the Mod Rewrite Rules and click Update Mod_Rewrite Rules
Scroll down to Expiry Time & Garbage Collection
Change cache timeout to 0 seconds then click Change Expiration
Click on the Preload Tab
Change Refresh preloaded cache files every ___ minutes. (0 to disable, minimum 30 minutes.) to be something high enough to not trigger constantly, like 1440 (24 hours) or 10080 (1 week)
Click Preload mode (garbage collection only on legacy cache files. Recommended.)
Change Preload ___ Articles to something small if the number of articles is high. Each choice is 10% of the current articles, so the first 10% is usually a safe choice.
Click Update Settings, then after the page refreshes click Preload Cache Now and in around 10 or 15 seconds the cache will start building for the site.

HyperCache-----
DON'T DO IT. It runs terribly and seems to be fairly useless. I actually had a page load SLOWER because of it.

